When would ou want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
Answer: If I needed to have multliple computers or multiple users access the repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Answer: You might lose some of the files that you have changed and not committed yet. You want to be in control over your state and when it changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Answer: forks are used on github to github. It makes a copy of another persons repository under your account on github. Clone makes a copy of
a github repository on your own computer. Branches are on your current repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Answer: You can work offline and decide to merge the latest changes with your work.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Answer: Great question. The shared repository makes it easy to fork copies of a project or share copies of a project and to then jointly work and
communicate needed changes.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
Answer: You have a feature that you want to develop and test out. The feature will take time and you do not want the current development and
changes from master to be delayed to incorporate the change.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Can work off-line and know how files differ

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
You would have no central respository to merge, push and pull from. It would be up to one person to centrally control the update and distribution of repositories.''
